so I'm going to do a quick video showing
you something that we eat so if you
don't like pork think you should turn
now we got a ham steak you need a bowl
some mustard and some money ooh shake
the mustard first so it doesn't squirt
out on you like it did to make this a
monster in there and then you can get
some honey not equal parts a little less
funny than mustard mix it up I'm going
to need more than that sir now you just
take it down steak just drizzle it on
and kind of just spread it all over
you're going to create like a glazed and
I have this cooker here which is like an
oven but I don't have to turn my oven on
so just going to stick it upside down
and the hooker on the rack all right
down because you got to glue on the
other side you're just going to coat the
other song
I guess you could do it in a frying pan
you have to cook it a little low to cook
it that's what it looks like I'm just
going to put the top on put it on 350
for about 20-25 minutes and we'll be
back so this is the finish ham stink it
went in for maybe 30 minutes I don't
know 25 their lives i'm going to show
you i'm going to plate it up so this is
the finished product no vegetable that
part right there does it tastiest car
the whole thing i'm about to eat since
you got small